# Analysis of Tasks in Final-Project
Task 1- Game (Made by Yolanda) 
   a) Describe the problem
      This problem is asking us to create an interactive game where the computer and the user take turns to enter a value from 1 to 3,
      which are then added to a running total. The player who enters a value that exceeds 21 looses. The idea is to create an algorithm
      that makes the computer the winner regardless of what the user enters. As input we have the initial value assigned by the computer
      and the values that the user enters. As output we have the running total. 
  
   b) Describe the steps to solve the problem
      Yolanda made a good analysis and solved the problem. However, the way the computer is winning is when the total is equal to 21,
      not greater than 21 (which is what the instruction asks). That is something we have to correct. 
   
   c) Describe how you test this program
      The logic of this program is honestly complicated. Playing around with the numbers to create a technique that guarantees that
      the computer always wins requires a lot of trial and error. I was impressed by the logic Yolanda used. 
   
   
Task 2- Population
   a) Describe the problem
      The problem is asking us to create an application that calculates and displays the annual population of both Mexico and the 
      United States according to their growth and decay rate (respectively), until the population of Mexico is greater than that of the US. 
      As an input, we have the initial population of both countries and their percentage growth rate. 
      The output includes the number of the years that pass, the change in population in each of them, and finally, the total years it took 
      for the population of Mexico to surpass the population of the US.
      
   b) Describe the steps to solve the problem
      First, we declared all the variables needed and assinged their respective values: Mexico, US, rateM, rateUS, year. 
      Second, we created a loop that keeps on calculating the changes in population while the population
      of the US remains greater than Mexico's, with an accumulator for the number of years that pass.
      Finally, once the condition is false and the loop ends, we printed the total years it took and each nation's population. 
      
   c) Describe how you test this program 
      Through trial and error, we determined how to make the program work properly. After declaring the variables, 
      we set the accumulator for the years, calculated the new population, and printed the information to see if we 
      were getting correct values for year 1. At that moment we realized we had not taken into consideration that the rates of  
      change were given in percentages, so we were getting wrong results. We corrected the formulas by dividing the rates 
      by 100 and ran the program again. Having the correct values now, we created a loop using the while command to execute the
      block of code while our boolean expression (US >= Mexico) evaluates to be true and we ran the program again. 
      Everything worked properly, so lastly we printed the final sentence with the total values. 
      
Task 3- Integers
   a) 




